Allow multiple JWT tokens to be configured (closes #108) (#109)
spiffe/spiffe-helper: README.md

 | `svid_file_name`              | File name to be used to store the X.509 SVID public certificate in PEM format.                                                                                                          | `"svid.pem"`                                                                                                                                                         |
 | `svid_key_file_name`          | File name to be used to store the X.509 SVID private key and public certificate in PEM format.                                                                                          | `"svid_key.pem"`                                                                                                                                                     |
 | `svid_bundle_file_name`       | File name to be used to store the X.509 SVID Bundle in PEM format.                                                                                                                      | `"svid_bundle.pem"`                                                                                                                                                  |

>  | `jwt_svids`                   | An array of objects containing `jwt_audience` (which is the JWT SVID audience) and `jwt_svid_file_name` (which is the file name to be used to store JWT SVID in Base64-encoded string). | `[{jwt_audience="your-audience", jwt_svid_file_name="jwt_svid.token"}]`                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 | `jwt_svids`                   | An array with the audience and file name to store the JWT SVIDs. File is Base64-encoded string). | `[{jwt_audience="your-audience", jwt_svid_file_name="jwt_svid.token"}]`                                                                                              |
```

>  | `jwt_svids`                   | An array with the audience and file name to store the JWT SVIDs. File is Base64-encoded string). | `[{jwt_audience="your-audience", jwt_svid_file_name="jwt_svid.token"}]`                                                                                              |

Reviewer: @keeganwitt The spacing here seems off, can you take a look?

Author: Fixed.
